README.md, before:

# 5300-Instructor
Instructor's DB Relation Manager project for CPSC5300 at Seattle U, Winter Quarter 2024

Usage (argument is database directory):
<pre>
$ ./sql5300 ~/cpsc5300/data
</pre>

The database directory must exist, but needn't have any contents. Running sql5300 the first time will initialize it.

## Tags
- <code>Milestone1_prep</code> is just some bare bones stuff to get students started on Milestone 1.
- <code>Milestone1</code> is playing around with the AST returned by the HyLine parser and general setup of the command loop.
- <code>Milestone2h</code> has the intructor-provided files for Milestone2. (Note that heap_storage.cpp is just a stub.)
- <code>Milestone2</code> is the instructor's attempt to complete the Milestone 2 assignment.
## Unit Tests
There are some tests for SlottedPage and HeapTable. They can be invoked from the <code>SQL</code> prompt:
```sql
SQL> test
```
Be aware that failed tests may leave garbage Berkeley DB files lingering in your data directory. If you don't care about any data in there, you are advised to just delete them all after a failed test.
```sh
$ rm -f data/*
```

## Valgrind (Linux)
To run valgrind (files must be compiled with <code>-ggdb</code>):
```sh
$ valgrind --leak-check=full --suppressions=valgrind.supp ./sql5300 data
```
Note that we've added suppression for the known issues with the Berkeley DB library <em>vis-à-vis</em> valgrind.

Commit message:

rearrange files and initial work on Milestone 3 (thus Milestone3_prep)

README.md, after:

# 5300-Instructor
Instructor's DB Relation Manager project for CPSC5300 at Seattle U, Winter Quarter 2024

Usage (argument is database directory):
<pre>
$ ./sql5300 ~/cpsc5300/data
</pre>

The database directory must exist, but needn't have any contents. Running sql5300 the first time will initialize it.

## Tags
- <code>Milestone1_prep</code> is just some bare bones stuff to get students started on Milestone 1.
- <code>Milestone1</code> is playing around with the AST returned by the HyLine parser and general setup of the command loop.
- <code>Milestone2h</code> has the intructor-provided files for Milestone2. (Note that heap_storage.cpp is just a stub.)
- <code>Milestone2</code> is the instructor's attempt to complete the Milestone 2 assignment.
- <code>Milestone3_prep</code> has the instructor-provided files for Milestone 3. The students' work is in <code>SQLExec.cpp</code> labeled with <code>FIXME</code>.
## Unit Tests
There are some tests for SlottedPage and HeapTable. They can be invoked from the <code>SQL</code> prompt:
```sql
SQL> test
```
Be aware that failed tests may leave garbage Berkeley DB files lingering in your data directory. If you don't care about any data in there, you are advised to just delete them all after a failed test.
```sh
$ rm -f data/*
```

## Valgrind (Linux)
To run valgrind (files must be compiled with <code>-ggdb</code>):
```sh
$ valgrind --leak-check=full --suppressions=valgrind.supp ./sql5300 data
```
Note that we've added suppression for the known issues with the Berkeley DB library <em>vis-à-vis</em> valgrind.
